3DS Docs: Add Badge removal warning (#277)
PretendoNetwork/website: docs/en_US/install/3ds.md

	SYSTEM TRANSFERS ARE NOT CURRENTLY SUPPORTED BY OUR SERVERS. ATTEMPTING TO PERFORM A SYSTEM TRANSFER MAY PREVENT YOU FROM BEING ABLE TO GO ONLINE IN THE FUTURE. SUPPORT FOR SYSTEM TRANSFERS IS IN DEVELOPMENT.
</div>

<div class="tip red">
	<strong>CAUTION:</strong>

> 	Launching Nintendo Badge Arcade while connected to one network with badges obtained while connected to the other will cause your local save data to not match your server save data. This will cause your badges to disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Collecting badges in Nintendo Badge Arcade while connected to one network and then launching the game on a different network will result in your badges disappearing. This occurs because the locally saved data does not match the data stored on the server.
```

Author: Seems good, looks to me that it still conveys the message great.

	SYSTEM TRANSFERS ARE NOT CURRENTLY SUPPORTED BY OUR SERVERS. ATTEMPTING TO PERFORM A SYSTEM TRANSFER MAY PREVENT YOU FROM BEING ABLE TO GO ONLINE IN THE FUTURE. SUPPORT FOR SYSTEM TRANSFERS IS IN DEVELOPMENT.
</div>

<div class="tip red">
	<strong>CAUTION:</strong>

> 	If you try and boot up the 3DS Badge Arcade while on Pretendo server, your badges will be wiped! If you have badges you do not want to be wiped, please do not load Badge Arcade until further notice or make a backup of your badges by going to the folder "sd:Nintendo 3DS\[ID0][ID1]\extdata\00000000\000014d1" and copying them to a safe place.

Reviewer 2: The grammar here is a little rough, and the path is incorrect. We also prefer to mark paths, labels on the console, etc, in codeblocks, and the path formatting is not consistent with the rest of the page. And finally, these callouts should be as simple to digest as possible. Some of this information does not need to be here, is it's duplicated later in the page. Something like:

```suggestion
	Launching Nintendo Badge Arcade while connected to one network with badges obtained while connected to the other will cause your local save data to not match your server save data. This will cause your badges to disappear.
```

To condense the information down. Also it applies both ways (badges obtained from our servers will be removed when launching NN), so that should be made clear. The example I proposed isn't perfect but it gets the point across. @hauntii @gitlimes thoughts?

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! I'll start adding them in right now, thanks a ton Jon.

Author: I'll keep this open so the other can reply here.

Author: Also, reason why the codeblocks were not there is due to GitHub not letting me put them in correctly? I guess you doing it did the trick.

Reviewer 2: > GitHub not letting me put them in correctly?

Are you making these changes directly in the GitHub UI? Please test your changes before making any PRs

> [ID0] and [ID1] are place holders, the actual folder names will be 32 characters, such as, ahsy7shdye7hdyeu47jd723jks89i32a. This will not be your actual ID 0 or 1.

Reviewer 2: This line can be removed with the above suggestions in place

Author: Done.

> [ID0] and [ID1] are place holders, the actual folder names will be 32 characters, such as, ahsy7shdye7hdyeu47jd723jks89i32a. This will not be your actual ID 0 or 1.

Reviewer 3: This keyboard mash is not a very good example imo because I believe the IDs are in hexadecimal (0-9 and A-F). Also I don't really know if an example is strictly necessary either here or in the other guide.

Author: Yeah, I was debating on removing it.

Author: Removed it, as I think it flows better than just making a new example.

<ul id="footnotes">
	<li id="footnote-1"><sup>[1]</sup> Some games may require a PNID for certain actions, such as eShop purchases. The only known game which requires a PNID for general use is Nintendo Badge Arcade, which is not yet supported</li>
</ul>

> ### What do I do if my console says that my badges get erased?

Reviewer 3: This is sort of an odd header. If you deleted your badges by opening badge arcade after switching accounts, this process isn't likely to help you recover them. I think badge arcade sees your NNID and says "that's not who this console is registered to anymore" and just re-initalizes an empty badge database. 

A better header would be something like "How do I transfer my badges to my PNID?" or "What do I do if the Home Menu says I have no badges after switching?"

[ID0] and [ID1] are place holders, the actual folder names will be 32 characters, such as, ahsy7shdye7hdyeu47jd723jks89i32a. This will not be your actual ID 1 or 2. just in case this doesn't work.

3. Install [Simple Badge Injector]((https://github.com/AntiMach/simple-badge-injector/releases/latest)) on your 3DS console

4. Insert your SD Card into your console.

5. Use Nimbus to switch to Pretendo.

6. Open Simple Badge Injector on your console and make a note of the "Nintendo Network ID" value.

7. Still inside SBI, choose the option to dump your badge data files.

8. Turn off your 3DS and remove the SD card. On your PC, insert your SD card and download and open [Advanced Badge Editor](https://github.com/AntiMach/advanced-badge-editor/releases/latest). Go to File -> Open Data, then choose the folder where BadgeData.dat and BadgeMngFile.dat are.

9. Replace the NNID value with the one you made a note of in SBI earlier.

10. Save the file. It might be a good idea to choose "Save As" and then save them into a different folder so you can separate them into Pretendo and Nintendo versions.

> 11. Put your SD card back into your 3DS and go back into SBI, then inject your modified badge data files. They should now show up with zero issues! (Hopefully, hence the backup)

Reviewer 3: You should mention that after doing this, badges will disappear after switching back to your Nintendo account, but they should return after switching back to pretendo (as long as you don't open badge arcade while on Pretendo).

Author: Will do, thanks for letting me know.

<ul id="footnotes">
	<li id="footnote-1"><sup>[1]</sup> Some games may require a PNID for certain actions, such as eShop purchases. The only known game which requires a PNID for general use is Nintendo Badge Arcade, which is not yet supported</li>
</ul>

> ### What do I do if the Home Menu says I have no badges after switching?
> Follow these steps.
> 
> 1. Insert your SD Card into your PC
> 
> 2. Back up your badges at the folder on your SD Card "sd:Nintendo 3DS[ID0][ID1]\extdata\00000000\000014d1" and copying them to a safe place on your device.
> 
> [ID0] and [ID1] are place holders, the actual folder names will be 32 characters.
> 
> 3. Install [Simple Badge Injector]((https://github.com/AntiMach/simple-badge-injector/releases/latest)) on your 3DS console
> 
> 4. Insert your SD Card into your console.
> 
> 5. Use Nimbus to switch to Pretendo.
> 
> 6. Open Simple Badge Injector on your console and make a note of the "Nintendo Network ID" value.
> 
> 7. Still inside SBI, choose the option to dump your badge data files.
> 
> 8. Turn off your 3DS and remove the SD card. On your PC, insert your SD card and download and open [Advanced Badge Editor](https://github.com/AntiMach/advanced-badge-editor/releases/latest). Go to File -> Open Data, then choose the folder where BadgeData.dat and BadgeMngFile.dat are.
> 
> 9. Replace the NNID value with the one you made a note of in SBI earlier.
> 
> 10. Save the file. It might be a good idea to choose "Save As" and then save them into a different folder so you can separate them into Pretendo and Nintendo versions.
> 
> 11. Put your SD card back into your 3DS and go back into SBI, then inject your modified badge data files. They should now show up with zero issues! (Hopefully, hence the backup)
> 
> This will remove badges from your Nintendo Network account, but all badges will still be intact on Pretendo Network.

Reviewer 2: Extra spaces and some pretty long individual steps

```suggestion
### Restoring Nintendo Badge Arcade Badges

1. Insert your SD Card into your PC.
2. Back up your badges at the folder on your SD Card `SD:Nintendo 3DS/ID0/ID1/extdata/00000000/000014d1`.
3. Download [Simple Badge Injector]((https://github.com/AntiMach/simple-badge-injector/releases/latest)).
4. Insert your SD Card into your console.
5. Use Nimbus to switch to Pretendo.
6. Open Simple Badge Injector and make a note of the "Nintendo Network ID" value.
7. Still inside SBI, choose the option to dump your badge data files.
8. Turn off your 3DS and remove the SD card. Insert your SD card into your PC.
9. Download and open [Advanced Badge Editor](https://github.com/AntiMach/advanced-badge-editor/releases/latest).
10. Go to `File > Open Data`, then choose the folder where BadgeData.dat and BadgeMngFile.dat are.
11. Replace the NNID value with the one you made a note of in SBI earlier.
12. Select `Save As` to save the modified file separately from the backup.
13. Put your SD card back into your 3DS and go back into SBI
14. Inject your modified badge data files.

If you encounter any errors, restore your backed up badge data through SBI. Injecting badges while using Pretendo Network will make them disappear when swapping back to Nintendo Network, and vice versa.
```

Author: Added!

10. Save the file. It might be a good idea to choose "Save As" and then save them into a different folder so you can separate them into Pretendo and Nintendo versions.

11. Put your SD card back into your 3DS and go back into SBI, then inject your modified badge data files. They should now show up with zero issues! (Hopefully, hence the backup)

> This will remove badges from your Nintendo Network accouint, but all badges will be intact on Pretendo Network.

Reviewer 3: account is typo'd

Author: ah crap, fixing now
